Test 1
Test 2
Test 3
% header area above (three lines, cannot add comments)
% todo: define the header area better
% http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/ChangingTxt2tagsMarkswithPreProc.html

% hacking things a bit here.  It'd be better to redo their syntax.

% sensible lists - mediawiki-style
%!PreProc: '^\*\*\*\ ' '  - '
%!PreProc: '^\*\*\ ' ' - '
%!PreProc: '^\* ' '- '

% sensible lists - using dashes
%!PreProc: '^\-\-\-\ ' '  - '
%!PreProc: '^\-\-\ ' ' - '

% > is translated into a tab character, since I can't type tabs.
% I'd prefer two spaces at the beginning of a line, but that messes with lists, and completely messes up the monospace idea.
%!PreProc: '^>>> ' '\t\t\t'
%!PreProc: '^>> ' '\t\t'
%!PreProc: '^> ' '\t'

% allow a single space to make the line monospace
%!PreProc: '^\ ([^-|^ - ])' '``` \1'

% 20 characters for a separator line is INSANE.  Let's do four (MediaWiki-style).
%!PreProc: '^\-\-\-\-' '--------------------'
%!PreProc: '^\_\_\_\_' '____________________'
%!PreProc: '^\=\=\=\=' '===================='


% TODO: create a preproc to make the // ** __ and -- all need just one character.
%%!PreProc: '/{1}(.*)/{1}' '//\1//'
%%!PreProc: '\*(.*)\*' '**\1**'


% config area goes here
%% common configuration to include, can be done like so: http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/includeconfcommand.html
%% %!includeconf: config.t2t
%% http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/Settings.html
%% http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/UserConfigurationFileRCFile.html
%% http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/PartVIIMasteringSettings.html

% config options for all stuff - can set it in $HOME/.txt2tagsrc or T2TCONFIG env var
% can disable that per-file with    %! Options : --no-rc
% templating?
%% %!include - http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/includecommand.html
% css?

% body goes down here

kate's busted, or I'd do something like this..

 cd "%directory" && txt2tags -t html "%filename" && links -g "%filename" `basename "%filename" .t2t`.html


=  Introduction  =
==  Introduction  ==

testing

- and this
- and that

To do:
- make a global window manager hotkey to compile my text files
 - compile
 - wmctrl to switch to firefox
 - some firefox commandline to refresh?  Or just reload and don't bother with wmctrl?

What I want:

- fix kate's bad yellow highlighting of lists.  I cannot see that colour.
- kate's list highlighting ignores bold/italics etc.


http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/userguide.t2t
and edit it for spelling/grammar and completeness

http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/PartVMasteringMarks.html

# Titles can have an anchor =like this=[anchor]. To link to an anchor create a [local link #anchor]
can this be made default?

http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/Comment.html
leading spaces ARE allowed though..

http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/BoldItalicUnderlineStrike.html
mentiones --strike-- which is not legal by default.

make a monospace code block concept..

| this | is | a | table |
| rowspan test ||||

http://txt2tags.sourceforge.net/userguide/PartVIMasteringMacros.html (etc)
macros


= PreProc-hacking =[hacking]

- list
-- list 2
--- list 3



* list 1
** list 2
*** list 3


> indent 1
>> indent 2
>>> indent 3


Horizontal Rules:

one
----
two
____
three
====


* /italics/ => //italics//
* *bold* => **bold**
* _underlined_ => __underlined__
* -strikethrough- => --strikethrough--
